OADP-2786: OADP Velero received EOF, stopping recv loop (#68357)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-release-notes-1-1-4.adoc

A restoration might fail if ArgoCD is used during the process due to a label used by ArgoCD, `app.kubernetes.io/instance`. This label identifies which resources ArgoCD needs to manage, which can create a conflict with OADP's procedure for managing resources on restoration. To work around this issue, set `.spec.resourceTrackingMethod` on the ArgoCD YAML to `annotation+label` or `annotation`. If the issue continues to persist, then disable ArgoCD before beginning to restore, and enable it again when restoration is finished.

.OADP Velero plugins returning "received EOF, stopping recv loop" message

> Velero plugins are started as separate processes. When the Velero operation has completed, either successfully or not, they exit. Therefore, if you see a `received EOF, stopping recv loop` messages in debug logs, it does not mean an error occurred, it means that a plugin operation has completed. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-2176[OADP-2176]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Velero plugins are started as separate processes. When the Velero operation has completed, either successfully or not, they exit. Therefore if you see a `received EOF, stopping recv loop` messages in debug logs, it does not mean an error occurred. The message indicates that a plugin operation has completed. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-2176[OADP-2176]
```
